PROJECT: (Challenge by MindSnacks)
Create a 4x4 puzzle slider game called "Chop That Word". It is a word game that aims to help people memorize the spelling and the meaning of words. I designed word cards which look like poker cards but instead with a picture of the word in the center and its initial around the corners. When the game is loaded, you get the word card, then the card is cut into 15 pieces and shuffled. Then you try to put together the pieces to get back the original image. When you complete the puzzle, the word flashes on the screen. 
This way, you spend time trying to remember the picture and associate that with the word. If you want to shuffle the pieces again, you shake the mobile device. You can either touch to slide the pieces or tilt the mobile device. 
The word cards can be the in-app purchases.

TODO: Find out why even though gamePieces and emptyGamePieces interact and switch places correctly, the BGs and titles are not set correctly. I should have decoupled View from Model (MVC)...

REFERENCES:
These are some of the searches and references I used during this project. I will edit and do a proper markup later.
-----------------------
Image
-----------------------
android write on a picture - Google Search
android generate image from text - Google Search

-----------------------
Orientation
-----------------------
Bouncing Ball, a simple Android example - Processing Forum
Android SDK Tutorial: Accelerometer Example Code
Coding for Android: Using orientation sensors: Simple Compass sample
How to Handle Screen Orientation | Android Tutorial | Android SDK Development & Programming
Android phone orientation overview including compass - Stack Overflow
Just Thought About...: Android Accelerometer and Orientation Example
Moving an image using Accelerometer of android - Stack Overflow
Android Coding: Detect Orientation using Accelerometer and Magnetic Field sensors
Android Sensor - Tutorial
A quick tutorial on coding Android’s accelerometer | TechRepublic
Detect accelerometer motion in android - Stack Overflow
Orientation Sensor Tips in Android | WorkingFromHere
android tilt sensor - Google Search
How to detect shake event with android? - Stack Overflow
accelerometer - Android: I want to shake it - Stack Overflow
Android Shake Detection Listener | Code Blog | Hlidskialf Android Apps

-----------------------
General
-----------------------
slider puzzle optimal solution - Google Search
optimal solutions to sliding tile puzzle - Google Search
15 puzzle algorithm - Google Search
15-number-puzzle - 15 Number game puzzle. - Google Project Hosting
15 puzzle - Google Search
photogaffe - Android 15-puzzle - Google Project Hosting
/trunk/opencv/samples/android/15-puzzle – OpenCV
How to Solve a Fifteen Puzzle: 14 steps (with pictures) - wikiHow
The Fifteen Puzzle - The Algorithm - Zero Wind :: Jamie Wong
Sliding puzzle
Tilt Ball Walkthrough - CodeProject
destil/Android-Slider-Puzzle · GitHub
sampullman/android--Number-Slider
IDA* - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
java - Iterative Deepening A* Star Explanation - Stack Overflow
Android storing R.drawable. ids in XML array - Stack Overflow